Many jobs today were unheard of 20 years ago.
And 20 years from now?
Well, it's impossible to know for sure,
but one thing we do know is that the workforce
will likely look different than it does today.
So how can you keep pace with our rapidly changing world?
One way is to become a lifelong learner.
This video will discuss what a lifelong learner is
and why being one is important
for personal and professional fulfillment.
Also, we'll explore eight habits of lifelong learners
to help guide your journey.
Lifelong learning is the desire to seek knowledge
outside of formal education.
Of course, lifelong learning can include taking classes
and attending lectures, but the motive
is not to fulfill the requirements of a degree.
Rather, it's a voluntary endeavor to improve one's self.
Becoming a lifelong learner conveys significant benefits.
First, it helps you at work.
Employers need workers willing and motivated
to learn new skills.
And adding skills and competencies to your resume
makes you an attractive job candidate.
Next, it keeps your brain active.
Learning every day keeps your mind sharp.
Research shows that people with lifelong learning habits
delay the onset of memory problems in old age.
Finally, it increases happiness.
It's critical to find ways to surprise
and delight our minds throughout our lives.
If you've ever mastered a tricky subject
or bested a personal record,
you know that improving your abilities feels great.
You may have noticed that a shared trait
among very successful people is a passion for learning.
Warren Buffet reportedly reads 500 pages per day.
Bill Gates likes to watch lectures online.
Let's explore some habits of lifelong learners
to get you started.
First, they are avid readers.
Reading widely doesn't just spark curiosity.
It forces you to reassess your ideas and beliefs.
Staying open to new perspectives
cultivates a work-in-progress mindset
that fuels lifelong learning.
Next, they ask questions.
Curiosity is a strong motivator of lifelong learners.
To improve your curiosity, wonder aloud,
ponder complex problems and explore concepts in depth.
Seeking answers always prompts more questions.
Lifelong learners set goals.
To set learning goals,
think about what you want to accomplish.
Do you wanna master a subject or learn a new skill?
Setting realistic goals can help you get there.
Start by creating a few learning goals,
like I will read 10 behavioral economics books
by the end of the year,
or I will practice Mandarin for 15 minutes a day.
Cultivating a growth mindset is an important attribute
of lifelong learners.
So what is a growth mindset?
People with a growth mindset believe
that with effort and perseverance, they can learn anything.
Having a growth mindset helps you persist
through setbacks and obstacles.
This is critical for lifelong learners
for whom even failures are opportunities
to learn valuable lessons.
Let's take a look at four more habits of lifelong learners.
First, they don't limit themselves.
The phrase you can't teach an old dog new tricks
doesn't apply to lifelong learners.
They understand our brains can learn
and grow our entire lives
and avoid making any learning off-limits.
Next, they get out of their comfort zones.
There is vulnerability in not knowing
and being outside of your comfort zone.
Lifelong learners know
that continued growth may be uncomfortable,
but it's worth it.
Lifelong learners are constantly seeking information.
Whether it's reading articles,
listening to podcasts or having conversations,
every moment is an opportunity to learn
about the world and others.
Finally, they foster a personal learning network.
Lifelong learners surround themselves
with others they can learn from,
Whether in online forums, classrooms or book clubs,
lifelong learners take time to explore new
and challenging topics with others.
Just because you finished formal schooling
doesn't mean you have to stop learning.
Building lifelong learning habits
can help you improve your skills, expand job opportunities
and enjoy the wonders life has to offer.
And the good news is you already have everything you need
to become a lifelong learner.
Start by building high-quality habits
that will put you on the path to lifelong learning.